# Primary
- [ ] What's the deal with [[Maria]] adding power to the "once declining power" of the [[Endless Witch]] [[Beatrice]]?
- [x] Young [[Ange]] denied magic to [[Maria]] and was therefore kicked out of [[Mariage Sorcière]]
- [ ] What does the title [[Golden Witch]] mean?
- [ ] What does the title [[Endless Witch]] mean?
- [ ] What does [[Endless Realization]] mean?
- [x] Are [[Regarding Creators|Creators]] authors?
- [ ] Why is [[ANGE]] able to resurrect [[Sakutarou]]?
- [ ] What does it mean that [[Beatrice]] is obsessed with creating patterns, and her means become her goals?
- [ ] What's [[Kinzo's Magical Compendium]]?
- [ ] Who's the [[Black Witch]] who Killed [[The Chiester Sisters Imperial Guard Corps|Chiester 556]]?
- [ ] What's the deal with the [[Wolf and Sheep Puzzle]]
- [ ] What's the non meta [[Virgilia]]?
- [ ] What's the non meta [[Ronove]]?
- [ ] What's the non meta [[Gaap]]?
- [ ] What are the non meta [[The Chiester Sisters Imperial Guard Corps]]?
- [ ] What are the non meta [[The Seven Stakes of Purgatory]]?
- [ ] What are the non meta [[Goats]]?
- [ ] What does it signify that [[Ange]] survived jumping off a skyscraper?
- [ ] Does [[Nanjo Masayuki]]'s daughter with an incurable disease mean anything?
- [ ] What about the [[letters]] that came to the heir of people died in [[Rokkenjima]]?
- [ ] What does it mean that [[Endless Witch|Endless WItches]] pass down their secret and then retire only because they want their power not to spoil?
- [ ] What's about the origin of the Chiester sisters
- [ ] What does the title [[Witch of Miracles]] mean?
- [ ] What does the title [[Witch of the Fragments]] mean?
- [ ] What does the title [[Witch of Certainty]] mean?
- [ ] What does the title [[Ange|Witch of Resurrection]] mean?
- [ ] What does the title [[Witch of Origins]] mean?
- [ ] What does it mean that [[Kinzo]] summons [[Beatrice]]?
- [ ] What does it mean that both [[Battler]] has a huge magic resistence and [[Kinzo]] used to have it?
- [ ] What does it mean that [[Genji]] was made with the help of a high class demon (Maybe [[Ronove]])?
- [ ] What are the many deficienciesd of [[Genji]] as furniture?
- [ ] What does it mean that [[Shannon]] was created with the help of Demons?
- [ ] What does it mean that [[Shannon]] doesn't have a heart?
- [ ] What does it mean that [[Kanon]] doesn't have a heart?
- [ ] What's the tiral that forced the predecessor [[Beatrice]] to surrender?
- [ ] Is the status of Rokkenjima red truths and stuff like that the same in each game?
- [ ] Is the [[Red Truth]] true?
- [ ] Does <font color="#ff0000">I'll make you my favourite furniture</font>. <font color="#ff0000">I'll love you so much and make you my toy untill you turn into ashes</font> mean anything?
- [ ] What's Beatrice's cerimony? how does it work?
- [ ] Why is 'Rosa' in quotes in <font color="#ff0000">Only the five master keys were left, and 'Rosa' was holding all of them</font>?
- [ ] What's the [[HUD]] framing?
- [ ] What about [[Kuwadorian]]?
- [ ] What about the conversation that [[Beatrice]] and [[Kinzo]] had in [[Kuwadorian]] in 1967?
- [ ] What's the number of people in Rokkenjima?
- [ ] How did Kinzo die?
- [ ] When can Battler use red?
- [ ] Does the red in the iron doorto the gold in banquet mean anything?
- [ ] Why does [[EVA Beatrice|Evato]] in Banquet assert that she lost her position of [[Golden Witch]]? It happens when [[Battler]] identifies her as [[Eva|Ushiromiya Eva]] and a human. When she's identified as the culprit.
- [ ] Does the story rhyme?
# Secondary
- [ ] What's the 2000 years old [[Grimoires|Grimoire]] that can't be talked about? Is it the Bible?
- [ ] 
# Notes and flux of conscience
EPITAPH


