---
cssclasses:
  - red-truth
  - red-links
---

# [[Turn of the Golden witch]]
## Crime Scene of the [[Chapel]]
- __When I speak the truth, I will use red__
- __Regardless of whether they were alive or dead, the six definitely enetered trough the door__!
- __Only one key to the chapel exists__!
- __It is impossible to the chapel with anything but the chapel's key__!!
- __When the door to the chapel is locked, it prevents any and all methods of entry or exit__!!
- __The six definitely entered trough 'this front door'__!!
- __This morning [[Rosa]] definitely took an envelope out of [[Maria]]'s handbag... and from that obtained the genuine key to the chapel__.
- __The key to the chapel truly was the object inside the envelope I gave Maria__.
- __The envelope I handed over to Maria and the one Rosa opened are the same thing__!!
## Crime Scene of [[Jessica's Room]]
- __The only [[master keys]] are the ones held by the servants, one key each__.
- __There are absolutely no types of hidden doors. This door is the only way in or out__. __The only way to lock this door is with Jessica's single key or the master keys, only one of which is held by each servant__. It is on the second floor, but it is probably possible to enter or leave trough the window. However, __the window is locked from the inside__.
- __[[Kanon]] was killed in this room__.
- Of course, this door is the same as the chapel. __When locked, it does not permit any form of entry__. I'll say more. __No trick could have the effect of locking the door from the outside without using a key__.
## Crime Scene of the [[Servant Room]]
- __There are no hidden doors in this room__. __There is no way to get in or out other then the door and the windows__.
[[Beato]] defines hidden door. "A hidden door refers to an entrance that cannot be recognized by those who do not know of it. Even children know that."
- '__There are no hidden doors__'
- What about the original key to this room, the 'keys to the servants' room'?!
  Indeed. Those are __kept in the key box in the center of the servant room__. There are several servant room keys, but  __all of those are inside the key box__.
- __Entry and exit are impossible except for the single door and the single window__.
- __And those were both locked__. __The door and the window do not permit any kind of entry or exit when they are locked__.
- __It is impossible to unlock the door without a servant room key or the master key__.
- __No one exists in this room except your group__. __'Your group' refers to [[Battler]], [[George]], [[Maria]], [[Rosa]], [[Genji]], [[Gohda]], and [[Shannon]]__.
- Let's go back to Jessica's room. __When Jessica's corpse was discovered, only Battler, George, Maria, Rosa, Genji, Gohda, Shannon, [[Kumasawa]], and [[Nanjo]] were in Jessica's room__. Whoops, the corpse of __[[Jessica]] is also included__. __Therefore, both in the case involving Jessica's room and the one involving this servant room, no humans exist that you were not aware of__. __No one is hiding__.
- __No method exists by which the door can be locked from the outside without using a key__. __Regarding the window, no method exists by which it could somehow be locked from the outside__.
- __You are incompetent__!
- __hiiihhhihihhihihihihihihihihihihi__!!
- __Come, Ushiromiya Battler, and kneel__.
- __If you accept me, all of the riddles will be resolved__. __With my power, any kind of closed room can be created or destroyed__!!
- __I'll make you my favourite furniture__. __I'll love you so much and make you my toy untill you turn into ashes__...
- __* cackle * cackle * cackle * hihihihihihihihihihihyahyahahhahahahahhahahahhahhahhahhahhahhahha__!!!
- __There are only five master keys__. __There are only five master keys__.
- __I keep my promises__ If you solve the riddle of the epitaph, you should be able to reach the [[Golden Land]]. When you do, the ceremony will end. No more people will die.
## Crime scene of [[Natsuhi's room]]
- __Natsuhi's room was exactly the same just like usual__! __The door and windows were locked from the inside__. __There were no frauds or tricks, no means of secret passage nor places in which to hide__! __[[Natsuhi]]'s own keys was in [[George]]'s pocket, and the inside of the room was sealed off__. __Only the five master keys were left, and 'Rosa' was holding all of them__! __and let me say this: the parlor's the same__. __The key to the parlor itself is sealed away in the servant's room__. __So unlocking it without a master key is impossible! The definition of a closed room remains the same as always!__ 
# [[Banquet of the Golden witch]]
## Before the game starts
- ([[The Seven Stakes of Purgatory]]) __Of all the doors that exist on Rokkenjima, none has a crack trough which a key can slip__.
 __I have the power to speak the truth in red__!!!
## During the flashback where Rosa speaks about her time meeting Beato
- ([[Ronove]])__A hidden mansion called [[Kuwadorian]] does exist in the forest of Rokkenjima__.
- ([[Ronove]])__the pair actually had a conversation like that in that place__. (He's talking about the [Conversation](https://lparchive.org/Umineko-no-Naku-Koro-ni/Update%2071/) between [[Beatrice]] e [[Kinzo]] in the Flashback)
- ([[Ronove]])__This is the world of 1967__.
- ([[Ronove]])__In 1967, in a hidden mansion on Rokkenjima, Betrice-sama existed as a human__.
__There are no more then 18 humans on this Rokkenjima__!
## Serie di omicidi nelle 6 stanze connesse
- (Battler chiede "how many master keys this time)__There are five, one for each servant.__
- __Furthermore, all of the doors and windows on the six rooms are normal. No device exists which can lock them without a key, such as an auto lock.__
- __These six are all dead: [[Kinzo]], [[Genji]], [[Shannon]], [[Kanon]], [[Gohda]], [[Kumasawa]]!__
- __There is no one hiding in the six rooms!__
- __The six died instantly!__ By died instantly she means "The targets instantly became incapable of action after being attacked."
- ([[Ronove]])__Only the victims are inside the rooms, and no other people exist inside the rooms.__
- __The six were not killed by traps__!
- Battler dice __There are no more then 18 people on this island__
## On the iron door that leads to the gold
- __On the tenth twilight, at journey's end, you shall attain to the power of the golden Land's treasures, once and for the last time__
## Death of [[Rosa]] and [[Maria]]
- __Rosa and Maria died__. __The causes of death were as Nanjo diagnosed__.
- __Rosa's and Maria's deaths were homicides__.
## Scontro finale con [[EVA Beatrice|Evato]]
### Death of [[Rosa]] and [[Maria]]
- (Evato) __I was in the room the whole time__. __For the whole stretch of time surrounding the crime__.
### Death of [[Kyrie]], [[Rudolf]] and [[Hideyoshi]]
- __Kyrie didn't think that they needed food__.
- Since going without food for about a day wouldn't kill them, __she claimed that they should not leave the guesthouse__. And yet, __she herself suggested that they should leave the guesthouse to get food__.
- __the reason she changed her mind was not passed on to anyone, nor was it written down__!
- __Until the last instant before she died, Kyrie's behavior pattern of 'not going to get food = not going to the mansion' was maintained__!
- __Kyrie did not leave anything written down__!
## [[Nanjo]]'s death
- __After [[Jessica]] was injured, Eva was constantly under Battler's supervision. [[Battler]] is neither the culprit nor an accomplice. By this, we can establish the perfect alibi for [[Eva]]__.
- __There are no more then 18 humans on this island__.
- __No life form other then humans have any connections to this game__.
- __[[Kinzo]] is dead__.
- __[[Krauss]] is dead__.
- __[[Natsuhi]] is dead__.
- __[[Hideyoshi]] is dead__.
- __[[George]] is dead__.
- __[[Rudolf]] is dead__.
- __[[Kyrie]] is dead__.
- __[[Rosa]] is dead__.
- __[[Maria]] is dead__.
- __[[Genji]] is dead__.
- __[[Shannon]] is dead__.
- __[[Kanon]] is dead__.
- __[[Gohda]] is dead__.
- __[[Kumasawa]] is dead__.
- __[[Nanjo]] is dead__.
- __Those 15 are all dead__.
- __[[Battler]] is alive__.
- __[[Eva]] is alive__.
- __[[Jessica]] is alive__.
- __Eva was with you the whole time. So committing a crime was impossible for her. Of course, Battler-kun isn't the culprit. He wasn't forging an alibi for her, and he took the possibility that she was the culprit into account, watching over her actions carefully. No chance existed for her to do anything suspicious! In short, at the time of the crime, only Nanjo and Jessica were in the servant room__.
- __Ushiromiya Jessica has not committed murder__! __She was not involved with Nanjo's murder__!! __Her eyes were completely covered. It's be impossible for her to carry out a murder like that__!
- __Neither Eva nor battler killed Nanjo, nor were they involved__!!
- __The culprit who killed Nanjo was neither Battler nor Eva nor Jessica__!!
- __Jessica's eyes were completely covered, and murder was impossible for her__!
- __No action caused by jessica's body had any relation to or influence on the Murder of Nanjo__! __This also applies to Battler and Eva__.
- __neither Jessica nor Battler nor Eva is the culprit who killed Nanjo__!
- __Nanjo's death was a homicide__. ...__of course, it was with a direct method of murder, not a trap__. __A weapon was readied, and he was killed with it from point-blank range in front of him! The culprit appeared openly before Nanjo's eyes, and as they both looked at each other's faces, the culprit killed him__...!!
- __The red only tells the truth__!!!
- __Absolutely no factors other then humans partecipated in this game board__!
- __The one who killed Nanjo was defninitely a human__!
- __A human, with their feet on the ground, held up a weapon and killed with it! Right before 




# [[Alliance of the Golden witch]]

# Theory

> [!question]+ Hypothesis
>The red truth is true
>
> Evidence:
> Magic works because everyone acts and "pretends" like it's true. the same happens for the red truth.
